* WinEdt News.txt
Last modified on Friday, July 25, 2014  15:03
__________________________________________________________________


WinEdt 9 is a Unicode (UTF-8) text editor built on WinEdt 8 sources
and compiled with Delphi XE6.

UPGRADING ISSUES:
=================

WinEdt 9 is installed parallel to WinEdt 8, 7, 6 or 5 and you can
continue to use an older version of WinEdt and possibly uninstall
WinEdt 9 if you prefer the old version.

IMPORTANT: If you already have WinEdt 5.x, 6 or 7 on your system
you cannot import your old settings directly into WinEdt 9! If you
already have WinEdt 8 installed the migration is easy: just execute
the command 'Import WinEdt 8 Settings' from within WinEdt 9 and
you're done...

    Upgrading WinEdt 9 series from here on will be easy since your
    local settings are preserved during upgrades. Executing the
    command 'Upgrade Personal Configuration' will merge your custom
    settings with the new defaults.

REGISTRATION: WinEdt 9 series uses the same Registration Data as
WinEdt 8, 7 and 6. You will, however, have to enter the data (Name
and Code) again in the Registration Dialog of WinEdt 9. WinEdt 5
users will have to pay an upgrade fee if they want to register
WinEdt 9 (see www.winedt.com for details).

------------------------------------------------------------------

WinEdt 9 [Build 20140815 (v. 9.0)]
==================================

- WinEdt now has a new configuration [IMAGE_RESOURCES]. Here is
where dpi-dependent Image Resources are managed:

  This section manages dpi-dependent WinEdt Image Resources
  The closest DPI selector <= screen resolution applies
  Common Windows DPI (Magnification) values are:
     96dpi (100%) - Old Low Resolution Monitors
    120dpi (125%)
    144dpi (150%)
    192dpi (200%) - New Ultra High Definition Displays

  WinEdt comes with pre-compiled Office 2013-style (high quality)
  set of (over 500) icons in four sizes: 16x16, 24x24, 32x32,and 48x48.
  They are available in %B\Bitmaps\Resources\WRLib32(dim).dll files.
  As was the case in all versions since WinEdt 6 images were
  prepared and created by Luca (based on the icon sets from Glyfz.com
  in vector format). Months of hard work were needed to complete this
  project.

  Licensing Agreement with Glyfz.com does not allow WinEdt to include
  these graphic resources directly as png images.

  WinEdt also comes with %B\Bitmaps\Images folder where old-style 16x16
  png files are stored.
  If you want to use old icons you will have to enable the option
  USE_SOURCE_FOLDER and disable the option USE_RESOURCE_DLL.
  Similarly, you will have to enable the option USE_LOCAL_FOLDER if you want to
  add private icons to the mix.
  By default only the compiled dll graphic resources are used
  (for performance and consistent appearance purposes)!

  If you want to use icons at sizes different from the above you will have to
  enable the option ALLOW_SCALING. Keep in mind that the quality of scaled
  images is seriously reduced (especially when making them larger). When this
  option is disabled and WinEdt encounters images of different size they are
  either cropped or embedded (centered) in a larger image.

  Memory consumption increases significantly (quadratically) with the dimension
  or resources. Keep this in mind when modifying these settings!

  TeX Symbols bitmaps are included at 125% and 200% magnification in
  %B\Bitmaps\GUI125 and %B\Bitmaps\GUI200 folders. Default settings
  should work for most users. You can add more images in your local folder
  at appropriate resolution.
  These bitmaps can be usually scaled-down reasonably well.

  You can overwrite these values (for your resolution) in your private
  settings if defaults do not reflect your choices...

- Some properties have been removed from MAIN_MENU, TOOLBAR and
GUI_PAGE_CONTROL sections because they are now managed in
IMAGE_RESOURCES.

GUI_PAGE_CONTROL:
  SCALED_IMAGES
  SCALED_BUTTONS

TOOLBAR:
  DEFAULT_BUTTON_WIDTH
  DEFAULT_BUTTON_HEIGHT
  SEPARATOR_WIDTH
  SEPARATOR_HEIGHT
  IMAGE_WIDTH
  IMAGE_HEIGHT

MAIN_MENU:
  CUSTOM_DISABLED_IMAGES
  IMAGE_WIDTH
  IMAGE_HEIGHT

- The first page of the Configuration Wizard now displays screen
resolution (in case you are not sure)...

- Images Arrow* have been renamed to Flag* (they have been flags
since WinEdt 6)...

- Captions in docked forms are now properly scaled on different
resolutions and they now use a custom (modern-style) painting
procedures.

- Toolbars on Windows 7 and Vista are no longer transparent since
coolbar gradient colors on these platforms blend poorly with
modern-style images...

- Frame titles (in TOC) now allow optional arguments and nested
braces inside the title argument...

__________________________________________________________________


WinEdt 8 [Build 20140613 (v. 8.2)]
==================================

(see History)...

------------------------------------------------------------------
